Oh
my revision race began at quarter past
seven promptly well gloss over the facts
that I'd actually sneeze my alarm a
couple of times beforehand it was a slow
start okay
I heard order over the obstacles of my
extremely messy room forgive me I just
haven't unpacked property since
returning from uni and put my dressing
gown on I turned on the light to wake
myself up but it was extremely bright
[Music]
Here I am making my way down stairs at
high speed put to get that breakfast and
fuel up and we have our first pit stop
the kitchen with a marathon day ahead of
me I needed a big breakfast I've been
loving the orange juice musingly combo
recently I had a slight delay and
actually had to take the raisins out my
muse me because I'm a little bit weird
and I don't like raisins in my measly
fun fact that muesli is one of the few
cereals that I will have milk with I
have to add just to my amount now it has
to be just the right consistency not too
milky not too dry I got stuck in with
some chemistry flashcards over breakfast
which I've made over the past week they
were on analytics and equilibria for
those interested I whipped through them
look at me go it was a good warm-up to
the day a nice light revision technique
at 7:45 I brushed my teeth I showered I
got myself up for teens like myself this
is a big achievement here I am opening
with lines it's important to have good
light while revising you do not want to
strain your eyes or you end up with bad
eyesight like line I made my brace
strategy a good old to-do list popped it
up on the wall
I have no notice board at home like I do
it colored so I have to be innovative
I started with my chemistry kinetics
questions which were kind of green
together my previous few days work on
those topics
I made the rookie error of not getting
everything is out that I needed
beforehand I had to go searching for a
ruler and graph paper at times and it
just disrupted my revision flow just
don't do that I did make good progress
rate questions though the volume of
questions was quite big and it meant it
took me all morning at the end I was
proud to complete the first leg of the
race by classically picked clipped it
together and filed it away
at 1:30 it was time to fuel up again so
I turned on the oven here I'm going to
be showcasing my culinary skills and yes
guys I can cook bread impressive I know
I made up my own Dijon mayonnaise and
added some chicken pieces it is very
tasty
wallet my lunch I attracted to my sister
and her friend it's good to be sociable
and I did feel I needed some sort of
human contacts throughout the day after
eating I looked over a few chemistry
notes that I wasn't sure about I'd kind
of flagged up the weak points while
doing the questions earlier on in the
day at 2:30 I got stuck in with my math
exercise I did a practice pass paper
under exam conditions so I timed myself
about 36 minutes speed is of the essence
I've always been a slow worker and yeah
I just wanted to keep my mapping skills
going i was constructing contour lines
and i felt it was just good to refresh
this girl with a geology field trip
coming up the following week second leg
complete wheep wheep and now it was time
to take on the biggest challenge of the
day my physics lab reports I've read
over the brief I've been given to start
off with it was not a pleasant read to
be honest with you
the panic did start to kind of set in
essentially we have to choose one of the
practicals that we've done in the last
term and write it up all formally and
yeah it's just a load of work really I
decided to save myself time I modify the
lab report that I'd written for the
previous term having a template to start
off with was really useful
this report does form a small part of my
final grade I'm not actually too sure
what amount but it's only a small amount
I do fall that were being chucked in at
the deep end though so I have no
experience writing lab report slices the
only way to learn is to get stuck in I
really need to learn how to touch time
occurs two finger typing and so time for
Jimmy if anyone has any like tips on
learning to touch type please let me
know in the comments it would be really
appreciated because yeah I need to be
faster dinner was at 6:30 it was chicken
tikka masala and naan bread my wonderful
mother and I spoke to my family over
dinner caught up with what they were up
to over the day I decided that I made a
good enough start on my lab floor and
just
after dinner and then I filled out my
diary with exam dates that have just
been released joy of all Joy's does
stress me out when I'm not organized
those who was quite good to have set
dates in the diary and I began the final
leg of the race I was on the home
straight it was a sprint to the finish I
think I pushed this a bit far now but
hey ho and yet I did my physics
rotational mechanics made a few
flashcards on it one for reelection
aerates made notes
by the time I'd finished I was very very
tired so I ticked off finished my to-do
list
finish the race scrunched up my to do
this it felt amazing it was 10:30 at
this point so I got ready for bed and I
also went to get myself water I like two
mugs of water by my bed so I don't get
dehydrated and yeah Here I am heading
upstairs so yeah thank you for watching
do like and subscribe if you enjoyed and
I'll see you soon
you